README.md, before:

# Share content for flutter

A simple plugin for Android to share content.

This content could be a picture and also a message. 
Also you can pick the title to show in the sharing screen.
 
Every version of Android is supported, included from version 24 and upper.
For those devices is mandatory the use of `FileProvider` class in order to grant access 
to the images stored in the phone.

iOS is on the way.


## Installation

First add `flutter_share_content` as a dependency in your `pubsec.yaml`

### Android

Add this in your `build.gradle`

```gradle
dependencies {
    api 'com.android.support:support-v4:27.1.1'
}
```

After that you have to add this in your `AndroidManifest.xml`

```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE"/>
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE"/>

...

<provider
    android:name="android.support.v4.content.FileProvider"
    android:authorities="${applicationId}.provider"
    android:exported="false"
    android:grantUriPermissions="true">
    <meta-data
        android:name="android.support.FILE_PROVIDER_PATHS"
        android:resource="@xml/filepaths"/>
</provider>
```
Also create `res/filepaths.xml` with this content with this content

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<paths xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android">
<external-path name="external_files" path="."/>
</paths>
```


### Example

```dart
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';
import 'dart:async';
import 'dart:io';

import 'package:image_picker/image_picker.dart';
import 'package:flutter_share_content/flutter_share_content.dart';

void main() => runApp(MyApp());


class MyApp extends StatelessWidget {
  // This widget is the root of your application.
  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return new MaterialApp(
      title: "Share Content example app",
      debugShowCheckedModeBanner: false,
      home: ShareContent(),
    );
  }
}

class ShareContent extends StatefulWidget {
  @override
  _ShareContentState createState() => _ShareContentState();
}

class _ShareContentState extends State<ShareContent> {
  File _image;
  TextEditingController _title = new TextEditingController();
  TextEditingController _msg =  new TextEditingController();
  TextEditingController _subject = new TextEditingController();
  BuildContext _context;

  Future getImage() async {
    File image = await ImagePicker.pickImage(source: ImageSource.gallery);

    setState(() {
      _image = image;
    });
  }

  void getText(){
    showModalBottomSheet(context: _context,
        builder:(BuildContext context) {
          return new Container(
            child: new Column(
              children: <Widget>[
                new TextField(
                  decoration: InputDecoration(
                    border: OutlineInputBorder(),
                    hintText: "Title",
                    contentPadding: EdgeInsets.only(bottom: 50.0, top: 10.0, left: 12.0),
                  ),

                  controller: _title,
                ),
                new TextField(
                  decoration: InputDecoration(
                      border: OutlineInputBorder(),
                      hintText: "Message",
                    contentPadding: EdgeInsets.only(bottom: 150.0, top: 10.0, left: 12.0),
                  ),
                  maxLines: null,
                  keyboardType: TextInputType.multiline,

                  controller: _msg,
                )
              ],
            ),
          );
        }
    );
  }

  void share(){
    FlutterShareContent.shareContent(imageUrl: _image == null? null: _image.path,
        msg: _msg.text, title: _title.text);
  }

  @override
  void initState() {
    super.initState();
  }

  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    _context = context;
    return MaterialApp(
      home: Scaffold(
        appBar: AppBar(
          title: const Text('Share Content example app'),
        ),
        body: new Center(
          child: _image == null
              ? new Text('No image selected.')
              : new Image.file(_image),
        ),
        floatingActionButton:
        FloatingActionButton(onPressed: share, child: Icon(Icons.share),),

        bottomNavigationBar:
        BottomAppBar(
          child:
          Row(
            children: <Widget>[
              new FloatingActionButton(
                onPressed: getImage,
                tooltip: 'Pick Image',
                child: new Icon(Icons.camera_alt),
              ),
              new FloatingActionButton(
                onPressed: getText,
                tooltip: 'Show text',
                child: new Icon(Icons.text_fields),
              ),
            ],
          )

        ),

      ),
    );
  }
}

```

Commit message:

Added some doc and changes in readme

README.md, after:

# Share content for flutter

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/flutter_share_content.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/flutter_share_content)

A simple plugin for Flutter to share content.

This content could be a picture but also a message. Furthermore a title can be added to show in the sharing screen.
 
Every version of Android is supported, included from version 24 and above.
For those devices is mandatory the use of `FileProvider` class in order to grant access 
to the images stored in the phone.

iOS is on the way.


## Installation

First add `flutter_share_content` as a dependency in your `pubsec.yaml`

### Android

Add this in your `build.gradle`

```gradle
dependencies {
    api 'com.android.support:support-v4:27.1.1'
}
```

And this in your `AndroidManifest.xml`

```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE"/>
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE"/>

...

<provider
    android:name="android.support.v4.content.FileProvider"
    android:authorities="${applicationId}.provider"
    android:exported="false"
    android:grantUriPermissions="true">
    <meta-data
        android:name="android.support.FILE_PROVIDER_PATHS"
        android:resource="@xml/filepaths"/>
</provider>
```
Also create `res/filepaths.xml` with this content

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<paths xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android">
<external-path name="external_files" path="."/>
</paths>
```


### Example

```dart
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';
import 'dart:async';
import 'dart:io';

import 'package:image_picker/image_picker.dart';
import 'package:flutter_share_content/flutter_share_content.dart';

void main() => runApp(MyApp());


class MyApp extends StatelessWidget {
  // This widget is the root of your application.
  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return new MaterialApp(
      title: "Share Content example app",
      debugShowCheckedModeBanner: false,
      home: ShareContent(),
    );
  }
}

class ShareContent extends StatefulWidget {
  @override
  _ShareContentState createState() => _ShareContentState();
}

class _ShareContentState extends State<ShareContent> {
  File _image;
  TextEditingController _title = new TextEditingController();
  TextEditingController _msg =  new TextEditingController();
  TextEditingController _subject = new TextEditingController();
  BuildContext _context;

  Future getImage() async {
    File image = await ImagePicker.pickImage(source: ImageSource.gallery);

    setState(() {
      _image = image;
    });
  }

  void getText(){
    showModalBottomSheet(context: _context,
        builder:(BuildContext context) {
          return new Container(
            child: new Column(
              children: <Widget>[
                new TextField(
                  decoration: InputDecoration(
                    border: OutlineInputBorder(),
                    hintText: "Title",
                    contentPadding: EdgeInsets.only(bottom: 50.0, top: 10.0, left: 12.0),
                  ),

                  controller: _title,
                ),
                new TextField(
                  decoration: InputDecoration(
                      border: OutlineInputBorder(),
                      hintText: "Message",
                    contentPadding: EdgeInsets.only(bottom: 150.0, top: 10.0, left: 12.0),
                  ),
                  maxLines: null,
                  keyboardType: TextInputType.multiline,

                  controller: _msg,
                )
              ],
            ),
          );
        }
    );
  }

  void share(){
    FlutterShareContent.shareContent(imageUrl: _image == null? null: _image.path,
        msg: _msg.text, title: _title.text);
  }

  @override
  void initState() {
    super.initState();
  }

  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    _context = context;
    return MaterialApp(
      home: Scaffold(
        appBar: AppBar(
          title: const Text('Share Content example app'),
        ),
        body: new Center(
          child: _image == null
              ? new Text('No image selected.')
              : new Image.file(_image),
        ),
        floatingActionButton:
        FloatingActionButton(onPressed: share, child: Icon(Icons.share),),

        bottomNavigationBar:
        BottomAppBar(
          child:
          Row(
            children: <Widget>[
              new FloatingActionButton(
                onPressed: getImage,
                tooltip: 'Pick Image',
                child: new Icon(Icons.camera_alt),
              ),
              new FloatingActionButton(
                onPressed: getText,
                tooltip: 'Show text',
                child: new Icon(Icons.text_fields),
              ),
            ],
          )

        ),

      ),
    );
  }
}

```
